Prepare module deprecation. (#22)
swiftype/swiftype-site-search-php: README.md

<p align="center"><img src="https://github.com/swiftype/swiftype-site-search-php/blob/master/logo-site-search.png?raw=true" alt="Elastic Site Search Logo"></p>

> A first-party PHP client for building excellent, relevant search experiences with [Elastic Site Search](https://www.elastic.co/products/site-search) (formerly Swiftype).

> **⚠️ This repository is deprecated ⚠️**
>
> **Please visit [https://github.com/elastic/site-search-php](https://github.com/elastic/site-search-php) for the up to date version. Thank you! - Elastic**

## Contents

- [Documentation](#documentation-)
- [License](#license-)

***

## Documentation 📖

> Documentation of this repository have been archived [here](docs/Usage.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Documentation of this repository have been [archived](docs/Usage.md).
```

> If you want to find the documentation for up to date version, please visit [https://github.com/elastic/site-search-php](https://github.com/elastic/site-search-php)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to find the documentation for the latest version, please visit [https://github.com/elastic/site-search-php](https://github.com/elastic/site-search-php).
```
